Fix link to HTTP/2 rfcs (#15501)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xmlhttprequest/index.md

- {{domxref("XMLHttpRequest.statusText")}} {{readonlyinline}}
  - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMString")}} containing the response string returned by the HTTP server. Unlike {{domxref("XMLHttpRequest.status")}}, this includes the entire text of the response message ("`200 OK`", for example).

>     > **Note:** According to the HTTP/2 specification {{RFC(7230, "Response Pseudo-Header Fields", "8.1.2.4")}}, HTTP/2 does not define a way to carry the version or reason phrase that is included in an HTTP/1.1 status line.

Author: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** According to the HTTP/2 specification {{RFC(7540, "Response Pseudo-Header Fields", "8.1.2.4")}}, HTTP/2 does not define a way to carry the version or reason phrase that is included in an HTTP/1.1 status line.
```

>     > **Note:** According to the HTTP/2 specification ([8.1.2.4](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc7540.html#rfc.section.8.1.2.4) [Response Pseudo-Header Fields](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc7540.html#HttpResponse)), HTTP/2 does not define a way to carry the version or reason phrase that is included in an HTTP/1.1 status line.

Reviewer: Using the macro will point to https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7540#section-8.1.2.4
```suggestion
    > **Note:** According to the HTTP/2 specification {{RFC(7230, "Response Pseudo-Header Fields", "8.1.2.4")}}, HTTP/2 does not define a way to carry the version or reason phrase that is included in an HTTP/1.1 status line.
```
